Fix CRI-O installation information (#23000)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/setup/production-environment/container-runtimes.md

echo "deb http://download.opensuse.org/repositories/devel:/kubic:/libcontainers:/stable:/cri-o:/$VERSION/$OS/ /" > /etc/apt/sources.list.d/devel:kubic:libcontainers:stable:cri-o:$VERSION.list

curl -L https://download.opensuse.org/repositories/devel:kubic:libcontainers:stable:cri-o:$VERSION/$OS/Release.key | apt-key add -
curl -L https://download.opensuse.org/repositories/devel:/kubic:/libcontainers:/stable/$OS/Release.key | apt-key add -

apt-get update
apt-get install cri-o cri-o-runc
```

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab name="Ubuntu" %}}

To install on the following operating systems, set the environment variable $OS as the appropriate field in the following table:

| Operating system | $OS               |
| ---------------- | ----------------- |
| Ubuntu 20.04     | `xUbuntu_20.04`   |
| Ubuntu 19.10     | `xUbuntu_19.10`   |
| Ubuntu 19.04     | `xUbuntu_19.04`   |
| Ubuntu 18.04     | `xUbuntu_18.04`   |
<br />
Then, set `$VERSION` to be the cri-o version matching your kubernetes version.
For instance, if you want to install cri-o 1.18, `VERSION=1.18`.

> We also support pinning to a particular release. To install 1.18.3, `VERSION=1.18:1.18.3`.

Reviewer: nit: There are several places where you use the phrase, "We also support pinning".
What do you think about rewording the phrase to something like:
CRI-O supports pinning to a specific release.
For example, to install version 1.18.3 set `VERSION=1.18:1.18.3`.
OR
You can pin your installation to a specific release. To install version 1.18.3, set `VERSION=1.18:1.18.3`.

<br />

Then run
```shell
echo "deb https://download.opensuse.org/repositories/devel:/kubic:/libcontainers:/stable/$OS/ /" > /etc/apt/sources.list.d/devel:kubic:libcontainers:stable.list
echo "deb http://download.opensuse.org/repositories/devel:/kubic:/libcontainers:/stable:/cri-o:/$VERSION/$OS/ /" > /etc/apt/sources.list.d/devel:kubic:libcontainers:stable:cri-o:$VERSION.list

curl -L https://download.opensuse.org/repositories/devel:kubic:libcontainers:stable:cri-o:$VERSION/$OS/Release.key | apt-key add -
curl -L https://download.opensuse.org/repositories/devel:/kubic:/libcontainers:/stable/$OS/Release.key | apt-key add -

apt-get update
apt-get install cri-o cri-o-runc
```
{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab name="CentOS" %}}

> To install on the following operating systems, set the environment variable $OS as the appropriate field in the following table:

Reviewer: nit: To install CRI-O on the following ...

| Operating system | $OS               |
| ---------------- | ----------------- |
| Centos 8         | `CentOS_8`        |
| Centos 8 Stream  | `CentOS_8_Stream` |
| Centos 7         | `CentOS_7`        |

> <br />

Reviewer: Is the `<br>` required to provide spacing between the table and the following text?

Author: yeah!

Then, set `$VERSION` to be the cri-o version matching your kubernetes version.                                                                                                                                                                
For instance, if you want to install cri-o 1.17, `VERSION=1.17`                                                                                                                                                                               

> We also support pinning to a particular release. To install 1.17.3, `VERSION=1.17:1.17.3`

Reviewer 2: is 1.17 the latest on CENTOS?  If 1.18 is, I'd bump this example

Author: fixed

To install version 1.18.3, set `VERSION=1.18:1.18.3`.
<br />

Then run
```shell
echo "deb https://download.opensuse.org/repositories/devel:/kubic:/libcontainers:/stable/$OS/ /" > /etc/apt/sources.list.d/devel:kubic:libcontainers:stable.list
echo "deb http://download.opensuse.org/repositories/devel:/kubic:/libcontainers:/stable:/cri-o:/$VERSION/$OS/ /" > /etc/apt/sources.list.d/devel:kubic:libcontainers:stable:cri-o:$VERSION.list

curl -L https://download.opensuse.org/repositories/devel:kubic:libcontainers:stable:cri-o:$VERSION/$OS/Release.key | apt-key add -
curl -L https://download.opensuse.org/repositories/devel:/kubic:/libcontainers:/stable/$OS/Release.key | apt-key add -

apt-get update
apt-get install cri-o cri-o-runc
```

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab name="Ubuntu" %}}

To install on the following operating systems, set the environment variable $OS as the appropriate field in the following table:

| Operating system | $OS               |
| ---------------- | ----------------- |
| Ubuntu 20.04     | `xUbuntu_20.04`   |
| Ubuntu 19.10     | `xUbuntu_19.10`   |
| Ubuntu 19.04     | `xUbuntu_19.04`   |
| Ubuntu 18.04     | `xUbuntu_18.04`   |

> <br />

Reviewer: Hi @haircommander .
I suspect the parser is not happy with the `<br>` elements.
What happens if these are removed? Is there no spacing after the table
and before the next line of text?

Author: yeah the table comes immediately before. It definitely looks weird. I can push an updated version if you'd like

Author: lmk what you think, I left it as a separate commit to be easily reverted. I think the oddly spaced out table is better

Author: actually, I updated the version, adding a newline between br and the table. that fixed the issue

Reviewer: Thanks @haircommander. The tables look good.

{{< tabs name="tab-cri-cri-o-installation" >}}
{{% tab name="Debian" %}}

> To install CRI-O on the following operating systems, set the environment variable $OS as the appropriate field in the following table:

Reviewer 3: Use code format for [inline code](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-code-style-for-inline-code-and-commands).
```suggestion
To install CRI-O on the following operating systems, set the environment variable $OS to the appropriate field in the following table:
```

| Operating system | $OS               |
| ---------------- | ----------------- |
| Debian Unstable  | `Debian_Unstable` |
| Debian Testing   | `Debian_Testing`  |

<br />

> Then, set `$VERSION` to be the cri-o version matching your kubernetes version.

Reviewer 3: Capitalize consistently.
```suggestion
Then, set `$VERSION` to be the CRI-O version matching your kubernetes version.
```

> For instance, if you want to install cri-o 1.18, set `VERSION=1.18`.

Reviewer 3: Capitalize consistently.
```suggestion
For instance, if you want to install CRI-O 1.18, set `VERSION=1.18`.
```

You can pin your installation to a specific release.
To install version 1.18.3, set `VERSION=1.18:1.18.3`.
<br />

Then run
```shell
echo "deb https://download.opensuse.org/repositories/devel:/kubic:/libcontainers:/stable/$OS/ /" > /etc/apt/sources.list.d/devel:kubic:libcontainers:stable.list
echo "deb http://download.opensuse.org/repositories/devel:/kubic:/libcontainers:/stable:/cri-o:/$VERSION/$OS/ /" > /etc/apt/sources.list.d/devel:kubic:libcontainers:stable:cri-o:$VERSION.list

curl -L https://download.opensuse.org/repositories/devel:kubic:libcontainers:stable:cri-o:$VERSION/$OS/Release.key | apt-key add -
curl -L https://download.opensuse.org/repositories/devel:/kubic:/libcontainers:/stable/$OS/Release.key | apt-key add -

apt-get update
apt-get install cri-o cri-o-runc
```

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab name="Ubuntu" %}}

> To install on the following operating systems, set the environment variable $OS as the appropriate field in the following table:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To install CRI-O on the following operating systems, set the environment variable $OS as the appropriate field in the following table:
```

| Operating system | $OS               |
| ---------------- | ----------------- |
| Ubuntu 20.04     | `xUbuntu_20.04`   |
| Ubuntu 19.10     | `xUbuntu_19.10`   |
| Ubuntu 19.04     | `xUbuntu_19.04`   |
| Ubuntu 18.04     | `xUbuntu_18.04`   |

<br />

> Then, set `$VERSION` to be the cri-o version matching your kubernetes version.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Then, set `$VERSION` to the CRI-O version that matches your Kubernetes version.                                                                                                                                                                
```

> For instance, if you want to install cri-o 1.18, set `VERSION=1.18`.

Reviewer 3: Capitalize consistently.
```suggestion
For instance, if you want to install CRI-O 1.18, set `VERSION=1.18`.
```

You can pin your installation to a specific release.
To install version 1.18.3, set `VERSION=1.18:1.18.3`.
<br />

Then run
```shell
echo "deb https://download.opensuse.org/repositories/devel:/kubic:/libcontainers:/stable/$OS/ /" > /etc/apt/sources.list.d/devel:kubic:libcontainers:stable.list
echo "deb http://download.opensuse.org/repositories/devel:/kubic:/libcontainers:/stable:/cri-o:/$VERSION/$OS/ /" > /etc/apt/sources.list.d/devel:kubic:libcontainers:stable:cri-o:$VERSION.list

curl -L https://download.opensuse.org/repositories/devel:kubic:libcontainers:stable:cri-o:$VERSION/$OS/Release.key | apt-key add -
curl -L https://download.opensuse.org/repositories/devel:/kubic:/libcontainers:/stable/$OS/Release.key | apt-key add -

apt-get update
apt-get install cri-o cri-o-runc
```
{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab name="CentOS" %}}

> To install on the following operating systems, set the environment variable $OS as the appropriate field in the following table:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To install CRI- O on the following operating systems, set the environment variable $OS as the appropriate field in the following table:
```

| Operating system | $OS               |
| ---------------- | ----------------- |
| Centos 8         | `CentOS_8`        |
| Centos 8 Stream  | `CentOS_8_Stream` |
| Centos 7         | `CentOS_7`        |

<br />

> Then, set `$VERSION` to be the cri-o version matching your kubernetes version.

Reviewer 3: Capitalize consistently.
```suggestion
Then, set `$VERSION` to the CRI-O version that matches your Kubernetes version.
```

> For instance, if you want to install cri-o 1.18, set `VERSION=1.18`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For instance, if you want to install CRI-O 1.18, set `VERSION=1.18`.
```

You can pin your installation to a specific release.
To install version 1.18.3, set `VERSION=1.18:1.18.3`.
<br />

Then run
```shell
curl -L -o /etc/yum.repos.d/devel:kubic:libcontainers:stable.repo https://download.opensuse.org/repositories/devel:/kubic:/libcontainers:/stable/$OS/devel:kubic:libcontainers:stable.repo
curl -L -o /etc/yum.repos.d/devel:kubic:libcontainers:stable:cri-o:$VERSION.repo https://download.opensuse.org/repositories/devel:kubic:libcontainers:stable:cri-o:$VERSION/$OS/devel:kubic:libcontainers:stable:cri-o:$VERSION.repo
yum install cri-o
```

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab name="openSUSE Tumbleweed" %}}

```shell
sudo zypper install cri-o
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="Fedora" %}}

> Set `$VERSION` to be the cri-o version matching your kubernetes version.                                                                                                                                                                

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Set `$VERSION` to the CRI-O version that matches your Kubernetes version.                                                                                                                                                                
```

> For instance, if you want to install cri-o 1.18, `VERSION=1.18`                                                                                                                                                                               

Reviewer 3: Capitalize consistently.
```suggestion
For instance, if you want to install CRI-O 1.18, `VERSION=1.18`                                                                                                                                                                               
```

You can find available versions with:
```shell
dnf module list cri-o
```

> We do not support pinning to specific releases on Fedora.

Reviewer 3: Avoid using ["we"](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#avoid-using-we).
```suggestion
CRI-O does not support pinning to specific releases on Fedora.
```
